>> Brian: Another cool thing here is that
you can kind of build design systems
into this.
So I want you to make a new file and
call it colors.css here
in the source directory.
Or sorry, colors.js, rather.
>> Brian: And I want you to make
just export default object here.
And just, you can put in like some colors
here or something like that, right.
So I could say primary export default.
>> Brian: And we'll say like,
what do I have, bf3334.
Secondary is #d9c148.
>> Brian: Dark is 122622#.
>> Brian: Light is.
>> Brian: #81a69b.
So now I have all these
colors in one place, right?
So, I can actually come
over to my nav bar.
>> Brian: You don't have
to copy my colors exactly.
You could put pink in
there if you want to.
>> Brian: The point is
that you can see here,
you could centralize all of your
design system, your style guide, or
whatever you wanna call it,
here in one place.
And now I can import this into my code.
I can say import colors from .colors,
right?
Instead of having pink as
the background here, I can have it be.
>> Brian: colors.primary, right?
So now if I go over here,
it would be a nice shade of red.
Or I can put colors.secondary.
>> Brian: Right, and
now stuff is starting to match more,
because those are the actual
colors of the site.
I still think the pink was nice,
if you ask me, but this is fine too.
So, let's say we wanted to have some
sort of hover state on the poodle.
That's pretty easy to do here,
you just put &:hover.
This feels pretty familiar if you've done
like sass before or something like that.
And then text-decoration: underline.
So we just added that.
And now, if you come back over here.
How did I break it?
That's impressive.
I wonder if I got into
a strange state here.
>> Brian: I think my parcel just broke.
Okay, so that's works now so
you can hover on the dog and underline it.
That's how you do like hover states and
befores and afters and
all that kind of stuff.
You can also do child selectors underneath
that as well if you needed to, right?
So if I had like a child button,
you could just put,
I think you just put button and
I think it would just work.
And immediate child selector,
all that kind of stuff.
You can use and as a stand-in for
the actual component itself.
>> Brian: Okay?